Backup and restore updates (#1246)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/backup-restore.html.md

Please note the following when using the backup and restore API:

- The version of Terraform Enterprise cannot be changed between a backup and restore. That is, a backup taken from one version of Terraform Enterprise cannot be restored to an installation running a different version of Terraform Enterprise.
- The Terraform Enterprise installation that will be restored to must be a new, running installation with no existing application data.
- Once a restore is completed, the Terraform Enterprise application will need to be restarted before it can use the restored data.

See also:

- [Data Security](../system-overview/data-security.html) for details about the contents of Terraform Enterprise's blob storage and PostgreSQL database.

### Authentication 

The backup and restore API uses a separate authorization token which can be found on the settings dashboard (`https://<TFE HOSTNAME>:8800/settings`) near the bottom of the page:

![Screenshot: the TFE install dashboard, with the API token visible](./images/token.png)

> -> **Note:** This authorization token is specific to the Terraform Enterprise installation. Unless otherwise specified during installation of the new Terraform Enteprise instance, the authorization token used to create a backup will be different than the authorization token used to perform a restore.

Author: Open to suggestions on better wording for this section. Specifically this note.

Author: Maybe this?

```suggestion
-> **Note:** This authorization token is specific to the Terraform Enterprise installation. If restoring to a separate Terraform Enterprise installation, the authorization token will be different for restore than it was for backup. Please ensure you are using the correct authorization token for the Terraform Enterprise installation you wish to backup from or restore to.
```

Reviewer: > **Note:** This authorization token is specific to the Terraform Enterprise installation. For example, the authorization token will be different when restoring to a separate Terraform Enterprise installation. Please ensure you are using the correct authorization token of the instance you are communicating with when performing a backup or restore operation.

Author: Submitted changes!

> 

Reviewer 2: The PR as it stands looks good to me. One thing that I think may be of value to add is that in order for the backup to be successful, users *must* receive a `200 OK` back at the end of the call. I've seen cases where the backup timed out, no `200` was received, and the subsequent restore was missing data (as the backup had not completed successfully). 

Perhaps something like this?

```suggestion
~> **Important:** In order for a backup and restore to be successful, the backup API **must** return `200`. If `200` is not returned and the call silently closes, the backup blob may be incomplete, and may result in data loss. 
```

Author: Done!

curl \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --request POST \
  --form config=@request.json \
  --form config=@payload.json \
  --form snapshot=@backup.blob \
  https://<TFE HOSTNAME>/_backup/api/v1/restore
```

> ~> **Note:** The Bearer token used to restore the backup is specific to the instance, so if restoring to a separate instance, the token will be different for restore as it was for backup.

Reviewer 3: Mmm, I think we should keep a reminder about this inside the restore section... but it more properly belongs right at the START of the restore section. I'd put it right after the paragraph about "before starting, create an installation."

Basically we're just fallible humans out here, and I personally would be 100% guaranteed to forget about the difference in the authentication tokens somewhere between starting the backup and finally bringing up a fresh install.
